is that he is pissed off already eh I mean he is
very pissed off with the subject they are
getting on the noses of the Thai police
and I discovered a quantity of blood and
blood stains all over the room
realize that for him to have to be
talking now after the same crime
that for them is another crime that
has no importance that will be very
mediatic here that for them it is not and
again an interview
therefore he
confessed a piece of meat they found he did not
do it in 3 hours he did it throughout
the night or rather he cuts everything he puts it
in a bag he is not looking at what he puts in
each bag and puts it in the refrigerator
that blow to the head did not cause his
death but rather he died at the moment he
was beheaded when he dies when the
Goya case in the Daniel Sancho case it is
likely that they will be resolved in about 14 months
I say and I warn you if Daniel Sancho arrives
all the charges he will face the
death penalty if he pleads guilty the
sentence will be life imprisonment he will
sentence you to whatever he wants to sentence you to
not the ca